Welcome to Airify, my final project for HCDE 438: Web Technologies course. 

This mobile application hopes to address the United Nations’ goal of sustainable cities and communities by paying special attention to air quality. Due to climate change, air pollution has worsened globally. Air pollution can cause cardiovascular and respiratory problems which the most vulnerable groups are children, the elderly, and pregnant women. Apple’s weather application currently tells the user the air quality, suggests health information, and identifies the primary pollutant. However, there is no way to track individual exposure to poor air quality. We also have very little control over our exposure. Thus, I want to design an application that tells the user about the air quality in their area, tracks exposure, and provides suggestions to reduce the risk of exposure to air pollution.

The homepage of the application helps the user monitor the air quality in their area. Users can monitor the air quality when they set their location on the application. They can also search for the air quality of other cities. This page displays the city's air quality index, condition, and additional health information and the primary pollutant in their air. 

The reports page of the application is an air pollution exposure tracker that produces daily and weekly reports to the users. When traveling, the application will track the change in the air quality at different locations and show the user’s average exposure to air pollution for the day. After collecting the data every day, there will be options to receive daily and weekly reports for users’ overall exposure to polluted air displayed using line graphs.

The tips page of the application It will provide the users with suggestions and tips on reducing the risk of constant exposure to unhealthy air. Suggestions include turning on an air filter, wearing air filtration masks, or staying indoors.